Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to combine conditionals in the if statement.
But before that, let's remember together the three operator used to combine conditional.
We just learned that in the section Python logical operators we have and or and not.
Operator.
Let's see that in the if statement here.
In this example, we have.
If A is greater than B and c is greater than a print, both conditional are true.
We combine these two condition and these two expressions with the operator, and we have the or operator.
At least one of the condition is true.
To execute this statement and we have the the Not operator, let's execute some code.
Here in this example, a is greater than B and c is greater than A.
We will print.
Both conditions are true.
Let's execute the code.
And we have.
Both conditions are true.
For the operator or in this example we have a is greater than b.
The first expression will return a true and we will execute this line because we just need at least
one of the condition to be true.
To execute this line.
We will print at least one of the conditions is true.
And for the operator or we have a is not greater than B, it will return false, but with with the operator
not.
It will return a true and we will print a is not greater than B.
And that's it for this video.